Add beta feature flag instructions (#3931)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation.md

2. Ensure that your personal [development credentials](https://cloud.getdbt.com/settings/profile/credentials) are set on the project.

> 3. Navigate to [your profile](https://cloud.getdbt.com/settings/profile) and make sure the "beta features" flag under "Experimental Features" is enabled.

Reviewer: Suggest simplifying the sentence a little by making it active.
```suggestion
3. Navigate to [your profile](https://cloud.getdbt.com/settings/profile) and enable the "beta features" flag under "Experimental Features."
```
